So there is a service we've been using
behind the scenes without really knowing it.
And it's at the center of AWS.
It's called AWS STS for security token service.
This enables you
to create temporary, limited privileges credentials
to access your AWS resources.
That means that you get short-term credentials,
just like your access key and your secret access key,
but you can configure your expiration period.
So the user, for example, has access to a role
and then wants to leverage that role.
So what it's going to do is that it's going
to assume the role using an STS API call.
It will talk to the STS service,
and the result of this API call will be STS sending us back
some temporary security credentials,
and they look just like an access key, security key
as well as a session key,
which is going to be limited in time.
And using these three credentials,
we're going to access our AWS resources
and using the (mumbles) role we just assumed.
So the idea is that the use cases can be multiple.
Number one they would be identity federation.
For example, to manage their identities in external systems
and provide them with STS tokens to access AWS resources
or for IAM roles, access for cross or same account access,
which is the exact example I showed you
on the right hand side.
Or finally, when we used it behind the scenes
in the course is that when we provide an IAM role
to our EC2 instances.
Behind the scene there's a script
that actually refreshes the EC2 credentials,
using the security token service in the backhand.
So that's it.
Anytime from an example perspective that you see,
you need to create temporary, limited privileges credentials
to AWS (mumbles) STS.
That's it.
I will see you in the next lecture.